What are you two doing?
Gu Yu Xi
He's your brother
Do you know what you're doing?
Get lost
Gu Yan Chen
What do you mean?
I declare
From today
I cancel the engagement with you
Gu Yan Chen
I give you a chance
Take back what you just said
Otherwise, our two families' engagement
Will be completely canceled
Are you sure you can afford
The consequences?
Miss He
I thought
We have the same thoughts
My marriage with you
It was just a business marriage
Even if it is a business marriage
I don't
Share my husband with someone else
Moreover, you know clearly
You can't have a result
You even dragged her down
How much cleaner are you than me
Don't say that about my brother
He didn't drag me down
This brat
What right do you have to speak up
Who are you calling a brat
Gu Yan Chen
I treat you like a treasure
But you want to be a blade of grass
I, He Jun Ya
Rather be a broken jade
More than a good tile
Miss He
Please feel free
Want to see me
Like something easily obtained
Dream on